Update ERC-6538: Move to Review (#259)
ethereum/ERCs: ERCS/erc-6538.md

---
eip: 6538
title: Stealth Meta-Address Registry
description: A canonical contract for entities to register stealth meta-addresses directly or through a third party using signatures.
author: Matt Solomon (@mds1), Toni Wahrstätter (@nerolation), Ben DiFrancesco (@apbendi), Vitalik Buterin (@vbuterin), Gary Ghayrat (@garyghayrat)
discussions-to: https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/stealth-meta-address-registry/12888
status: Review
type: Standards Track
category: ERC
created: 2023-01-24

> requires: 5564

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requires: 712, 1271, 5564
```

Author: Added in https://github.com/ethereum/ERCs/pull/259/commits/a4870dad215aff7b58518caddc0ae7e5a4d2319b

eip: 6538
title: Stealth Meta-Address Registry

> description: A registry to map addresses to stealth meta-addresses

Reviewer: Your description doesn't introduce new information that isn't already in the title.

Author: Updated the description in https://github.com/ethereum/ERCs/pull/259/commits/f7a4aec74220455e12006d99ce1fae7b94655bbc

author: Matt Solomon (@mds1), Toni Wahrstätter (@nerolation), Ben DiFrancesco (@apbendi), Vitalik Buterin (@vbuterin), Gary Ghayrat (@garyghayrat)
discussions-to: https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/stealth-meta-address-registry/12888
status: Review
type: Standards Track
category: ERC

> created: 2023-01-24

Reviewer: ```suggestion
created: 2023-01-24
requires: 5564
```

Author: Added in https://github.com/ethereum/ERCs/pull/259/commits/f7a4aec74220455e12006d99ce1fae7b94655bbc

The key words “MUST”, “MUST NOT”, “REQUIRED”, “SHALL”, “SHALL NOT”, “SHOULD”, “SHOULD NOT”, “RECOMMENDED”, “MAY”, and “OPTIONAL” in this document are to be interpreted as described in RFC 2119.

This contract defines an `ERC6538Registry` that stores the stealth meta-address for entities. These entities may be identified by an address, ENS name, or other identifier. This MUST be a singleton contract, with one instance per chain.

> The contract is specified below. A one byte integer is used to identify the stealth address scheme. This integer is used to differentiate between different stealth address schemes. A mapping from the scheme ID to it's specification is maintained at [this](../assets/eip-5564/scheme_ids.md) location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The contract is specified below. A one byte integer is used to identify the stealth address scheme. This integer is used to differentiate between different stealth address schemes. A mapping from the scheme ID to its specification is maintained at [this](../assets/eip-5564/scheme_ids.md) location.
```

Author: Updated in https://github.com/ethereum/ERCs/pull/259/commits/f7a4aec74220455e12006d99ce1fae7b94655bbc

> The contract is specified below. A one byte integer is used to identify the stealth address scheme. This integer is used to differentiate between different stealth address schemes. A mapping from the scheme ID to it's specification is maintained at [this](../assets/eip-5564/scheme_ids.md) location.

Reviewer: Once the EIP goes to final you wont be able to update this list. EIPs aren't a great place to store this information.

Author: Updated in https://github.com/ethereum/ERCs/pull/259/commits/f7a4aec74220455e12006d99ce1fae7b94655bbc , but please let me know if you have any recommendations for alternative approaches to this.

```solidity

> // SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// SPDX-License-Identifier: CC0-1.0
```

Author: Updated the licenses in https://github.com/ethereum/ERCs/pull/259/commits/b4db49cb0c871db668b113b784c443b12d38ab2f

  function DOMAIN_SEPARATOR() public view returns (bytes32) {
    return block.chainid == INITIAL_CHAIN_ID ? INITIAL_DOMAIN_SEPARATOR : _computeDomainSeparator();
  }

  /// @notice Computes the domain separator for this contract.
  function _computeDomainSeparator() internal view returns (bytes32) {
    return keccak256(
      abi.encode(
        keccak256(
          "EIP712Domain(string name,string version,uint256 chainId,address verifyingContract)"
        ),
        keccak256("ERC6538Registry"),
        keccak256("1.0"),
        block.chainid,
        address(this)
      )
    );
  }
}

/// @notice Interface of the ERC1271 standard signature validation method for contracts as defined
/// in https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1271[ERC-1271].
interface IERC1271 {
  /// @notice Should return whether the signature provided is valid for the provided data
  /// @param hash Hash of the data to be signed
  /// @param signature Signature byte array associated with _data
  function isValidSignature(bytes32 hash, bytes memory signature)
    external
    view
    returns (bytes4 magicValue);
}

```

The interface for this contract is defined below:

```solidity

> // SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// SPDX-License-Identifier: CC0-1.0
```

Author: Updated in https://github.com/ethereum/ERCs/pull/259/commits/b4db49cb0c871db668b113b784c443b12d38ab2f

  /// @param stealthMetaAddress The stealth meta-address to register.
  /// @dev Supports both EOA signatures and EIP-1271 signatures.
  /// @dev Reverts if the signature is invalid.
  function registerKeysOnBehalf(
    address registrant,
    uint256 schemeId,
    bytes memory signature,
    bytes calldata stealthMetaAddress
  ) external;

  /// @notice Increments the nonce of the sender to invalidate existing signatures.
  function incrementNonce() external;

  /// @notice Returns the domain separator used in this contract.
  function DOMAIN_SEPARATOR() external view returns (bytes32);

  /// @notice Returns the stealth meta-address for the given `registrant` and `schemeId`.
  function stealthMetaAddressOf(address registrant, uint256 schemeId)
    external
    view
    returns (bytes memory);

  /// @notice Returns the EIP-712 type hash used in `registerKeysOnBehalf`.
  function ERC6538REGISTRY_ENTRY_TYPE_HASH() external view returns (bytes32);

  /// @notice Returns the nonce of the given `registrant`.
  function nonceOf(address registrant) external view returns (uint256);
}

```

### Deployment Method

> This contract is going to be deployed using CREATE2 via the deterministic deployer at `0x4e59b44847b379578588920ca78fbf26c0b4956c` with a salt of TODO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This contract is going to be deployed using `CREATE2` via the deterministic deployer at `0x4e59b44847b379578588920ca78fbf26c0b4956c` with a salt of TODO.
```

Author: Updated in https://github.com/ethereum/ERCs/pull/259/commits/f7a4aec74220455e12006d99ce1fae7b94655bbc

> This contract is going to be deployed using CREATE2 via the deterministic deployer at `0x4e59b44847b379578588920ca78fbf26c0b4956c` with a salt of TODO.

Reviewer: You cannot leave TODO in a EIP that's moving to "review".

Author: Removed TODO and added salt in https://github.com/ethereum/ERCs/pull/259/commits/f7a4aec74220455e12006d99ce1fae7b94655bbc

## Security Considerations

> In the event of a compromised private key, the registrant should promptly un-register from the stealth key registry to prevent loss of future funds sent to the compromised account. To do this without getting the ETH needed drained by bots, the registrant should use a private mempool service such as Flashbots or create the signature offline and submit it to the registry contract through a relayer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the event of a compromised private key, the registrant should promptly un-register from the stealth key registry to prevent loss of future funds sent to the compromised account. To do this without getting the ETH for transaction fees drained by bots, the registrant should use a private mempool service or create the signature offline and submit it to the registry contract through a relayer.
```
Removed Flashbots since it's a specific product.

Author: Removed in https://github.com/ethereum/ERCs/pull/259/commits/4a4a2f39258df0c9ce59cf94707f9ba99d446fec
